This is my lucky tripod
How to trespass in the world
Ye Feifan, this is obviously the Fuding of Qin headquarters
How did it become yours?
I said this is Shallow Dragon Fuding
It was given to me by the situation.
And do you believe that?
Hahaha Ye Feifan
Do you take us for fools?
This is the most luxurious villa ever planted
Are you a gate watcher here?
Besides, money?
Governor
How can it be possible to put a villa worth billions
I'll give you this little white face.
Ye Feifan, can you be more reliable?
Why can you even tell such a lie now?
Get out of here
If you let the governor know that you are good at his blessing cauldron
No one can save me then
Ye Feifan doesn't need anyone to save him
Can you see yourself clearly?
You're just a gate watcher
You can deceive your ancestors with rhetoric
Can you still deceive him for the rest of your life?
My father was really blind back then
How could it be for a trash like you?
And lost his life in vain
Extraordinary you see
It is impossible to buy ten gates in ten lifetimes
A door at the bottom of Qianlong Valley
A lot of people sent it to me
Why should I do it myself?
You really think of yourself as smart
You just have one peeking at the door
How could it be possible to send a villa?
I advise you.
Why don't you stop daydreaming here?
Get out of here!
I never want to see you again.